Problem:
Everytime the drone starts at vertiport 1 (green), it always goes towards the upper left
no matter what, which probably messes up the training. When it starts at vertiport 2 (purple),
it usually goes to the correct destination.

To address:
- Check logic for setting destination vertiport
- Set a fixed origin and destination vertiport
- Also turn off "out of bounds" and make the boundaries a wall the drones can't pass through.
    - The drone can move along the wall, but make it so that its always moving through rewards.
    
debug_env_v2 fixes starting vertiport and allows drone to move along the boundaries

Addressed! Kind of works now in debug_v2.gif

Next: add in vertiport_reached reward

Addressed.

Next: add penalty for barely moving along the walls (gets stuck as seen in debug_stuck.gif);
      penalize for hitting obstacle

Addressed. In env v4, penalty of being stuck against the wall/corner (-3.0) might not be large enough
relative to the positive reward gained from reaching the vertiport (+500).

v4 note: drone either goes directly to the target vertiport, or it misses it and gets stuck in corner

Next: tune the reward for being stuck against wall/corner (mostly increase it)

Addressed. In env v5, updated step function to prevent the drone to move out of bounds, it will just
bounce off the wall instead (velocity is set to 0 if the action moves the drone out of bounds).

Next: train a better model that travels directly to the vertiport destination, since in v5, it
consistently just "bumps" off the wall and relies on an arbitrary checkpoint close to the vertiport
to reset its velocity to 0 for an easier control maneuver to the destination.
- Possible solution: make the out_of_bounds reward more negative to dissuade model from relying on
  bouncing off the wall
- Additional consideration: create a curriculum for rewards (i.e. in phases, to encourage certain
  actions initially and tune them as training progresses)
- Adjust PPO hyperparameters

Resolved: it was the fault of train_debug.py and eval_debug.py for not loading in and rendering the
trained model properly